# Ephemeral PGP Chatter

Use your PGP public key as a way to authenticate into this ephemeral messaging service. There is no client nor server side handling of private keys. The server does not store messages.

## Description

Many online communities rely on PGP signatures and the ownership of the private key as a means to prove who the sender of a message is.

That is, as long as the private key is not leaked, you can be confident that who you are chatting with is the rightful owner of the public/private PGP key pair.

_Ephemeral PGP Chatter_ also uses a Diffie-Hellman key exchange to enable end-to-end encryption.

## How it Works

Users use their PGP public key as an effective username for logging in. When messaging others, you use the keyid of their public key.

For a user to log in. the given steps must be completed:
 - Users are given a verification message (e.g. _Verification Challenge: a677a007-a410-4071-ba35-ef2a1b18fef1_) which they then must sign with their private key. Signing is done offline using whatever the user prefers.
 - Users then submit their public key and the clearsigned message (message + signature)
 - _Ephemeral PGP Chatter_ then carries out the following steps:
     - Checks the current challenge is valid and unsolved. To prevent replay attacks.
     - Verifies that the PGP signature was generated by the user's public key
     - If the signature is verified then a cookie is handed back to the browser
     - The user is then sent to the conversation page to talk with other users

User's can then use the keyid of another user's public key to initiate conversations with each other.


_Ephemeral PGP Chatter_ DOES NOT store messages

_Ephemeral PGP Chatter_ DOES NOT handle private keys

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details
